Hi there! Lindsay here, the Frugal Crafter
with a super quick tip for you today, and
it's because I botched this technique in
my art journal video this week, so what I
have here is a report cover, or actually
page divided, you could buy the dollar
store. They have like a pack of five and
they're just these transparent sheets
of plastic that you'd use in your in
your notebooks and they come with like a
little tab and I cut that off. Cut this so
it's eight-and-a-half by eleven, and then
what you do is you print on your
computer what you want to have
for wording on your journal page because
you know, you can't stick this in your
printer not unless you want to remove a
page. So you need to print it backwards
and I tried this technique earlier and
it worked fine when I was practicing,
then when I had my actual journal I was
working on I completely botched it.
And it was smudging and smearing and it
was just a nightmare, so I thought I'd
show you a better way and
also I was using like the back of a
label sheet, like kind of a release sheet but you know, you
might get on the back of stickers or labels or mine was
from easy mount, and so I couldn't
even see where it was going, and I was
smearing it because it was moving on me,
and also it kind of starts to dry
after a while, so with a plastic sheet
you've got a much longer time you can
work with ink or leave it before
you press it down. So hopefully this is
all transferred pretty well. I'm gonna
peek under there. Yes, look at that.
So I can lift this up, yep, that's transfered. So I did this upside
down, of course I did. I did it so
this would be right side up  for you and of
course I put it on upside down. So
that says "dream, believe, do, repeat" and
it's just a way that you can get your quotes
or your lettering on your art journal
page if you want to use something you've
printed off the computer. So there.
Quick tip so when you do print it, you
need to reverse it so the way to do that
is to set up here whatever you
want in you know, OpenOffice or
Microsoft Word, whatever you want to do.
To print reverse instead of just
clicking the little print icon
so I'll just print whatever you have, you
need to go under file click print, then
click properties, then click advanced and
then there be they'll be like a there be
a mirror image but they'll be a usually
like a will say mirror image and on or
off or they may be another little box
you check to make it mirror image, but
you kind of have to tell the computer to
do that. It's not going to do it on its
own, so my ink is still wet there,
so we'll want to give it plenty of
time to dry, or if I'm feeling very brave,
I could give it a little spritz of ink
and actually let the color become darker.
So why not? Let me go grab my ink. We'll try that,
we'll see how it looks. This might be a
terrible mistake, but I'm going to try it
anyway, because I'm kind of curious.
Alright so I'm just gonna give it a very
light spritz, and it's kind of activating
that ink there, you don't want to go too
crazy, because I don't want to make
a mess. But anyways
that's the the ink technique. I could
actually even kind of go over there, yep,
with my little Judikins color
shaper, and I can fill in so it's not so
pixelated, not so dotty,
I guess, but you know it's
just that kind of a fun technique. You're
probably not going to get the most
perfect of results, but it's
artsy and fun, and just what you need in
your art journal, so I messed up the
technique in my big long mixed-media fun
video. Actually I had to shoot the video
twice this week because I had it and it
was going so well, and it's like last 20
seconds of the video and I was doing the
this technique last and it
didn't work, and I made a big smudgy mess
and I felt so sorry for myself, because
the page was coming along so nicely.
But that happens sometimes and you know
what? What are you gonna do, just gonna
laugh about it. I need a little
period in the end of that. So there you
have it,
easy peasy. I will show you.This is
the page now that's upside down in my
journal, it's gonna bug me, not too bad. But that's the
page I messed up on, so what I did after,
and I'll show you the full page, and my
full mix media fun journal. I just went
over it with a marker. What else
you gonna do? So there you have it.
Thank you so much for watching! Please
give me a
thumbs up if you liked this tip,
subscribe, and until next time, happy
crafting.